feat: (sfui2-1067) useScrollable refactor (#2718)
vuestorefront/storefront-ui: apps/docs/components/hooks/useScrollable.md

<!-- end react -->
<!-- vue -->

> To use `useScrollable`, we have attach `containerRef` on main container to identify the element that we want to watch for specific events. Additionally we need to create two buttons and apply `getPrevButtonProps` for button that show previous pages and `getNextButtonProps` for `button` that will show next pages on click.

Reviewer: And this one as well.

```
</SourceCode>
<!-- end vue -->

### Controlled showing next and previous elements
<!-- react -->

> `useScrollable` is exposing imperative methods for showing elements - `showNext` and `showPrev`. To make them work, user needs to bind these functions as `onClick` handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useScrollable exposes imperative methods for showing elements - `showNext` and `showPrev`. To make them work, user needs to bind these functions as `onClick` handler.
```

<SourceCode>

```tsx
import * as React from 'react';
import { useScrollable } from '@storefront-ui/react';

function BasicScrollable(props: Props) {
  const { containerRef, state, showNext, showPrev } = useScrollable();

  return (
    <div className="flex items-center">

>       <button onClick={showPrev()}>previous</button>

Reviewer: you could also apply `disabled={!state.hasPrev}` and `disabled={!state.hasNext}` to reflect the same behaviour as in the props getters.

      <div ref={containerRef}>
        {Array.from({ length: itemsLength }, (_, i) => (
          <div
            key={i}
          >
            thumbnail {i + 1}
          </div>
        ))}
      </div>
      <button onClick={showNext()}>next</button>
    </div>
  );
}
```
</SourceCode>

<!-- end react -->
<!-- vue -->

> `useScrollable` is exposing imperative methods for showing elements - `showNext` and `showPrev`. To make them work, user needs to bind these functions as click event. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useScrollable` exposes imperative methods for showing elements - `showNext` and `showPrev`. To make them work, user needs to bind these functions as click event. 
```

<SourceCode>

```vue
<script lang="ts" setup>
import { useScrollable } from '@storefront-ui/vue';

const { containerRef, state, showNext, showPrev } = useScrollable()
</script>

<template>
  <div class="flex items-center">

>     <button @click="showPrev">previous</button>

Reviewer: Disable button like in the comment above.

| --------- | --------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |
<!-- vue -->
| state  | `Ref<{hasPrev: boolean; hasNext: boolean;isDragged: boolean;}>` | `ref{ hasPrev: false, hasNext: false, isDragged: false }`  | Current state of scrollable  |
| containerRef  | `Ref<>` |   | `Ref` to be attached on container  |
| showNext  | `Function` |   | Method used to show next items in the container  |
| showPrev  | `Function` |   | Method used to show previous items in the container  |
| getPrevButtonProps  | `ComputedRef<{onClick, disabled}>` |   | ComputedRef to be binded onto previous button |
| getNextButtonProps  | `ComputedRef<{onClick, disabled}>` |   | ComputedRef to be binded onto next button |
<!-- end vue -->
<!-- react -->
| state  | `{hasPrev: boolean; hasNext: boolean;isDragged: boolean;}` | `{ hasPrev: false, hasNext: false, isDragged: false }`  | Current state of scrollable  |
| containerRef  | `<>` |   | `Ref` to be attached on container  |
| showNext  | `Function` |   | Method used to show next items in the container  |

> | showPrev  | `Function` |   | Method used to show previous items in the container  |

Reviewer: Provide exact type signatures. `containerRef` is of type React.Ref<HTMLElement>, but you can say just `Ref` here. `showNext` and `showPrev` are both of type `() => void`. Same in Vue part.
